//  Programmer:  Anthony Robles                    Date: 01/29/19
//  File:  hw1.txt                                Class: cs1570 section b
//  Purpose: Algorithms to replace a flat tire, convert decimal to binary
    and add two fractions together.

//  algorithm #1 How to change a flat tire

  1. Turn on hazard lights and pullover somewhere away from the lanes of the
     road.
  2. Turn on your emergency brake.
  3. Find a jack, lug-wrench and spare tire in your trunk. If you do not
     have anyone of these items then ask someone around for these items.
  4. Place the jack under the car near the flat tire.
  5. Hook the jack to the metal frame of the car near the flat tire.
  6. Use the jack to raise the tire off the ground.
  7. Use lug-wrench to remove lug nut from tire by turning them
     counter-clockwise.
  8. Repeat step 7 until all lug nuts are removed from tire.
  9. Remove the tire from the car.
 10. Place the spare tire where the flat tire was originally placed.
 11. Use the lug-wrench to tighhten the lug nuts to the spare tire by
     turning the wrench clockwise until snug.
 12. Repeat step 11 until all the nuts are tightened properly
 13. Using the jack, lower the car to be flat with the ground.
 14. Place the flat tire in your trunk.
 15. Place the tools used in your trunk. If you borrowed the tools then
     return the tools to the owner.
 16. Turn off you emergency brake.
 17. Turn off your hazard lights and begin to drive to class.

// algorithm #2 How to convert decimal to binary

  1. Divide the decimal number by 2.
  2. Record the quotient and the remainder of the decimal number.
  3. Divide the quotient by 2. 
  4. Record the quotient and the remainder.
  5. Repeat steps 3 and 4 until quotient is 0.
  6. Once the quotient is 0, arrange the remainders from the last remainder
     to the first remainder.
  7. The arranged remainders from step 6 will produce the binary number for
     the decimal number.

// algorithm #3 How to add two fractions together

  1. Check the bottom number of the two fraction. The bottom number is
     called the denominator.
  2. If the two denominators are equal then skip to step 5. If the two
     denominators are not equal then go to step 3.
  3. In order make the denominators equal, find a number that can be divided
     by both of the denominators. The number is called the greatest common
     denominator.
  4. Once the greatest common denominator is found, replace the two original
     denominators with the greatest common denominator.
  5. Add the top two numbers of the two fractions.
  6. The sum of the top two numbers divided by the greatest common
     denominator gives the sum of the two fractions. 
